Change the base image in Dockerfile block (nginx:1.17 to nginx:1.24-alpine) (#22)
skills/publish-packages: README.md

We will use this token to log in to Docker, and authenticate with the package.

1. Open your terminal (Bash or Git Bash recommended).
1. Use the following command to log in:
    ```bash
    docker login ghcr.io -u USERNAME
    ```
1. Replace `USERNAME` with your GitHub username.

> 1. Enter the Personal Access Token you just created as the Password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter your new Personal Access Token as the password.
```
I think this line could be trimmed down just a little.

1. Find your image information by typing `docker image ls`.
   ![screenshot of output from Docker image ls command: lists docker images, REPOSITORY TAG and docker URL](https://i.imgur.com/UAwRXiq.png)<!-- This screenshot should be changed. -->
1. Use the following command to run a container from your image:
   ```bash
   docker run -dp 8080:80 --rm <YOUR_IMAGE_NAME:TAG>
   ```
1. Replace `YOUR_IMAGE_NAME` with your image name under the `REPOSITORY` column.
1. Replace `TAG` with the image tag under the `TAG` column.

>    ![example of running the docker command listed above](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3250463/219255534-f11b20e8-65de-4f4a-a033-f312ddf507fb.png)<!-- This screenshot should be changed. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Could we just remove the image?

1. Press **Enter**.
1. If everything went well, you will see hash value as output on your screen.

> 1. (optional) You can open [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to see the page you just created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, you can open [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) to see the page you just created.
```
